Clarifications about role vs user type access (#9858)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-type.mdx

## What's the "user type"? [#user-type-defined]

> A user's **user type** is what determines the set of New Relic capabilities a user can theoretically access. A user's user type takes precedence and overrides any role-related restrictions. ([Learn more about factors that affect user access.](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-management-concepts#user-type-groups-relation))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**user type** is what determines the set of New Relic capabilities a user can theoretically access. A user's user type takes precedence and overrides any role-related restrictions. ([Learn more about factors that affect user access.](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-management-concepts#user-type-groups-relation))
```

  </tbody>
</table>

Remember that the user type overrides any [role-related permissions](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-management-concepts#user-type-groups-relation).

Want to understand how billing works? See [User billing calculation](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/user-count-billing).

## Detailed user type comparison table [#user-type-comparison-table]

Here's a detailed comparison of capabilities by user type. 

Important points about this table:

> * The user type is meant to be a long-term setting. User-type-related restrictions override role-based permissions. [Learn more about user access factors.](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-management-concepts#user-type-groups-relation)

Reviewer: Consider elaborating on what you mean by a long-term setting, perhaps with an example.

> * Many of the features in the table refer to access to the UI experiences, not to the underlying data itself. All users, including basic users, can query all data in the accounts they have access to, and can create and view custom charts. Put another way: basic users can access APM data and browser monitoring data and more, but don't have access to our curated UI experiences. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Many of the features in the table refer to access to the UI experiences, not to the underlying data itself. All users, including basic users, can query all data in the accounts they have access to, and can create and view custom charts. Put another way: basic users can access APM data, browser monitoring data, and more, but they don't have access to our curated UI experiences. 
```

<sup>1</sup>Here are more details about how user type access works for some specific features:

<CollapserGroup>
  <Collapser
    id="api-access"
    title="APIs: data ingest and NerdGraph"
  >
Details about access to [our APIs](/docs/apis/intro-apis/introduction-new-relic-apis): 

* **Data ingest**: All user types can set up almost all of our integrations and agents, including ingesting data via our ingest APIs. There are some New Relic solutions that require being a full platform user to set up: if that's the case, it will be mentioned in the requirements section for the docs of those solutions. 

> * **NerdGraph**: A user can use [NerdGraph API](/docs/apis/nerdgraph/get-started/introduction-new-relic-nerdgraph) to do the same things they can do from the UI. For example: configuring APM settings requires being a full platform user, whether in the UI or via NerdGraph API. For another example: the [administration settings](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-management-concepts/#admin-settings) (for example, adding users, and adding accounts) require being a core user or full platform user.

Reviewer: I feel like the second example in the Nerdgraph bullet point isn't relevant. 

```suggestion
* **NerdGraph**: A user can use [NerdGraph API](/docs/apis/nerdgraph/get-started/introduction-new-relic-nerdgraph) to do the same things they can do from the UI. For example, a full-platform user could configure APM settings in the UI or using the NerdGraph API. 
```
